# Thanks Alatte group project
### Project Background/objectives:

Our client requires an app that will fulfill the needs of the business to elevate and provide useful data to help improve sales. 
Our aim to to create a full functioning app that will identify trends to ensure they stay up to date with competitior business therefore not miss out on potential revenue stream opportunities. 
Our aim is to provide them a simplified platform so that they can easily understand the data they are producing.
### Evelavtor pitch;
For a chain of coffee shops to accommodate returning customers, stakeholders and to target new customers

Who hold large volumes of data and provide a pleasant space for consumers to enjoy a coffee and pastry in good company

The database creation using an etl pipeline

The Thanks_Alatte cafe app

Is an innovative cafe app management system for cafe owners- shares the latest trends within the market and targets the customers to see the latest products

That allows cafe owners to store their data persistently in one place, identifying trends and insights on the data to study key business KPIs such as best selling products, pick times etc.

Unlike the current app thats time cosuming, only generates reports for single branches and doesnt generate meaningful data.

Our product insight, trends and will allow the user to centralize all the management process in one system making it efficient and user friendly.

-----
## Shared documents:
* Trello board - https://trello.com/b/850alXlo/delon13-thanksalatte
* Jam board - https://jamboard.google.com/d/1_pbZr1vJ6dWpco1tkaTi-IwDulEHOLg0TgEUFdLfebw/viewer?f=1
* GitHub - https://github.com/generation-delon13/Thanks-Alatte-project
* Miro board - https://miro.com/jointheteam/



## Client requirements
* Provide a fully scalable ETL pipeline to handle large volumes of transaction data for the business.
* Collect all the transaction data generated by each individual café and place it in a single location.
* Upload a csv file each evening, onto the cloud
* Create business intelligence analytics by using data analytics.
* Produce operational metrics by using application monitoring software

## Sprint overview
Sprint 1
Sprint2
Sprint 3
Sprint 4

How to run the app
What your application does,
Why you used the technologies you used,
How to run any unit tests


